Anti Stacker: Would it be possible to do something where, when a team is ahead by say five rounds, it kicks everyone to Spectator for a second, then assigns teams in order of score? Create a list, order it by points scored, then go down that list going Blue, Red, Blue, Red.....


1) Total Invisibility when motionless w/ melee seems to be borked
   (Cloak of Shadows and Terran Ghost)

 Blood Elf
1 Mana Tap - Slowly leeches ammo from enemys around you.
2 Immunity - (1) Mana Tap (2) Arcane Torrent (3) Feedback/Thorns (4) Motion Taking
3 Blood Boil - Hits have a chance to make the enemys blood boil causing them to run 20% faster but doing 5 damage per second for 10 seconds.
4 Ultimate: Arcane Torrent - Stops surrounding enemy's weapons from firing for 10 seeconds. (5 minute cooldown)


Zerg Drone
1 Spawning Pool - Kills you and instantly builds a dispenser where you died. (if engineer)
2 Nydus Canal - Causes teleporters to construct faster than normal.
3 Gather Materials - If you are an engineer then you will gather metal over time. (see infinite ammo pack).  Also, it allows you to drop ammo packs based on your metal stockpile.
4 Lvl 8 Ultimate: Hatchlery - Kills you and instantly builds a level 2 sentry gun where you died.
5 Lvl 12 Ultimate: Evolve - If you stand still for 20 seconds after activating this as any class you evolve into a hydralisk. (cooldown...same as archon)

Oh for spawning pool,

lvl 1 - 25% chance the dispenser will spawn
lvl 2 - 50%
lvl 3 - 75%
lvl 4 - 100%

Hydralisk
1 Tough Carapace - Grants you strong armor absorbtion
2 Grooved Spines - Grants extra ranged attack damage
3 Zerg Reflex - Grants a chance to evade and a speed increase
4 Lvl 8 Ultimate: Burrow - Freezes you in place and makes you invisable. Attacking will reveal you. (30 second cooldown)
5 Lvl 12 Ultimate: Overmind Influence - Causes everyone around you to halucenate and take damage over time. (?? Cooldown)

Zergling:
Rapid Repoduction: Respawn up to 30% faster (9 per level or so)
Metabolic Boost: Run up to 30% faster (no one can be close to the scout, but just under)
Adrenal Glands: 25% faster reload and melee-attack speed.
Devourer One: Go into a blood-frenzy to run faster, do more damage with melee hits, and gain HP per melee-hit.

THis is just a basic idea, I would hope it would replace the current "umbrella" zerg class. I don't think its bad but meh would require tweaking.

I don't mind you're Elf, but I would tweak it to be around this:

Blood Elf
1 Swift Hands: switch weapons and reload faster.
2 Immunity - (1) Damage Reflection (2) Items (3) Movement Effects (4) Ultmates
3 Blood Boil - Gives a 20% chance to cause an opponant to suffer 2-4 damage per second for 10 seconds
4 Ultimate: Dispel Magic - cause an opponents skills to be removed for 30seconds.

Not sure if yo ucan make switching/reloading faster or not using the mod, but its a decent idea that no other class has done, I think.

 Undead Abomination
1 Necrotised Flesh - Armor
2 Sharpened Cleaver - Melee Attack bonus
3 Gas Cloud - Chance to infect nearby enemys
4 Ultimate: Gravitation - Causes 3 enemys within 150 feet to be pulled to the abomination  and slowing their movement

Terran Wraith
1.Personal Cloaking device-like the ghost
2.levitation-simliar to the undeads I suppose
3.Improved lasers-increase damage like acute strike to bullets and whatnot
4.Rocket Pods-increase damage to rockets/nades
5.Ultimate System Overload-would work like entangling roots except instead of stopping the enemies around them would slow them down with "Electric shock"(like orb of frost) but for 20 seconds like entangling does, and paralizes the user for 5 seconds while dealing the user also for 30 damage and the people hit by it for 20

Hrm, might also be interesting to eventually see Terran Vulture,
1.Light Armor
2.Anti-Personnel Grenades-would add an explosive kick like Reaver Scarabs do
3.Ion Thrusters-increase speed
4. Ultimate Spider Mines-The user can set 3 mines(Proximity mines if possible?) that would explode once someone came in the proximity range of it((Range of proximity and explosion can be increased by leveling the skill as well as increasing the damage?))
Also if possible to code the mines could only go off to enemies. Cooldown 5 minutes after three mines have been planted.(Five minutes seem fair so it can't be spammed constantly) Hmm, would also need a way to sort of keep track howmany times they plant instead of how many mines are out that way they can't just constantly plant like only 2 and wait for them to go off and plant 2 more because they would never put that third one out that would trigger the cooldown... man thinking about this stuff is hard >.< Can't imagine yall doing it all the time.

Terran Vulture
1 Anti-Personnel Grenades - Enhanced Rocket and Nade damage (See Orcs)
2 Ion Thrusters - Speed increase (See Undead)
3 Light armor - Armor (see Medic)
4 Ultimate: Spider Mines - Like Denim said (Maybe a weaker version of trip mine?)
Hydralisk:
1. Muscular Enhancement (Or whatever its called ingame, I really can't remember): Speed Increase
2. Curved Spines: Increased damage with non-explosive weapons non-melee (everything but Rocket Launcher and sticky/nades)
3. Regeneration - Same as Zergling (I believe this should be a stable for all the zerg races)
4. Burrow - Someone suggested this earlier. Roots you in place, makes you invisible, if you attack your revealed, but it doubles your regen rate.

Ultralisk:
1.Adrenalin Increase (once again whatever its called in starcraft) - Increased Movement
2. Hardened Carapace - Reduces damage at same rate as Terran Confed Heavy Armor
3. Sharpened Tusk - Same as the zerglings melee bonus, maybe a little more (no more then 5-10% moer I would think.)
4. Burrow - Same as Zergling (Starcraft 2 features burrowing Ultralist)
OR
4. Enrage - Makes you uber, triples melee damage, last 10 seconds, but you slow down 50% in the moments afterwards (represents coming off the berserker rage)

Mutalisk
Bounce:have a percentage chance that your attacks will a percentage damage 1/2 people near to the person hit with bullets
devourer splash: increase explosion radius/damage
acid: have attacks apply an acid debuff to the hit person that increases damage taken from future hits for a time, like the devourer ability.
ultimate:flight, like jetpacks

Jiggly wants teleporter disk that can be used to telefrag other players
(NeoTF had one for scouts)
Ult) Teleporter Disk w/Telefragging

Terran Space Construction Vehicle / Protoss Probe:
1) Supply Depot
2) AmmoPack [1 level]
3) Teleporter Charger
4) Armor
5) Immunity
Ult) Tripmine
Ult) Jetpack
Ult) Move Object

Protoss Probe:
Ult) Summon Sentry Gun
Ult) Summon Dispenser
Ult) Summon Teleporter (1st entry, then exit)

Protoss High Templar / Dark Templar:
1) Immunity (decloaking,crystaltaking,motiontaking,healthtaking)
2) Levitation
3) Hallucination
4) Feedback (reflect damage back to enemy)
x) Invisibility
Ult) Psionic Storm (Chained lightning with duration)
Ult) Summon Archon

Protoss Archon / Dark Archon / Twilight Archon:
1) Psionic Shockwave
2) Plasma Shields
3) Feedback (reflect damage back to enemy)
Ult) Maelstorm (freezes all units in range)
Ult) Mind Control

Protoss Zealot:
1) Speed
2) Armor / Shields
3) Melee Attacks

Protoss Dragoon:
 Singularity Core (Increased Range)

Protoss Arbiter:
 Distortion Field (cloaks friendly units)
 Recall (teleports friendly units)
 Stasis Field (freezes enemy units)

Protoss Corsair:
 Disruption Web (prevents attacks)

Protoss Stalker:
 Blink (short teleport)

I had an idea for the medic class. Since the Medic is german, the Wehrmacht.
Abilities: Blitzkrieg (Speed boost), War Hardened (Armor), Veteran (Faster uber chargeup).
Ultimate: V1 rocket (same as nuke, basically).

Bugs:

3. Protoss ultimate is disabled.

4. Reaver scarabs and lockdown sometimes stop working during the map and will not work for the next 40 minutes or so. For reaver scarabs this usually happens at the beginning of the map after the player has used this ability for more than 2 maps in a row, reaver scarabs will usually come back at the end of the map. I honestly don't know any of the symptoms for lockdown stopping, since I personally have not used them.

7.  Fix/Remove the autostacker.

8. never ending re-spawn in sudden death. The never ending re-spawn in sudden death is someone buying a scroll of re-spawning before dying each time.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
I have a few item suggestions:
1) Armor-piercing ammo (20-30 crystals) -- Reduces the benefit of Terran's Heavy Armor (could apply to other future classes with armor).
2) Sentry jammer (~75-100 crystals) -- Allows the owner to walk by enemy sentries without them firing upon them.
3) Flak Jacket (20-30 crystals) -- Reduces the damage received from 'explosions' (suicide bomber, mad bomber, reaver scarabs)
4) Flame retardant suit (75-100 crystals) -- Reduces fire damage and/or makes you as flammable as a normal pyro (ie, you burn, but you don't continue to burn).
5) ***Reduction in cost for Cloak of Shadows, 55 crystals is too high to prevent decloak, 20-30 crystals seems reasonable

I could add a few to that although I don't know if some of these are possible:
Instant Sentry (100 crystals), allows a level 3 Sentry Gun to be build in front of who ever buys it, no matter if they are an engi or not.

Instant Uber (100 crystals), allows a medic to have a full charge uber upon purchasing this item.

Super sappers (50-65 crystals) gives the spy sappers a supercharge, allowing them to destroy engineer equipment 2x as fast.
Unstable Mana Potion (80 Crystals) - You lose 2% of your health every second but your attacks do 100% more damage

Orb of Fire (35 Crystals) - If you manage to hit the enemy, they catch on fire for 3 seconds


-----------------------------------------------
Recorded on 3-PG's Server. This was a bug in attempt be able to attach sentrys to moving objects.(ie trains, cars, ect.)

Below are the mods on their servers:

Change Log
01/27/08 - Fix a bug with Parenting Enigneer Building that it would attach to players if they are close by.
01/27/08 - Engineer Buildings now have the ability to Parent with moving entities. If you can build on an elevator or moving car then it will move with it.
01/23/08 - 1st grenade is completed and working. Not implemented on our server yet. Requires testing :)
01/23/08 - Fixed bugs with a player death message when a player is killed by pyro explosion.
01/23/08 - Huge update. Pyro explode code is rewritten from scratch. No longer goes through walls or alive players.
01/18/08 - Crits Fixed!
01/15/08 - TF2 update broke crits.

Rules

Sky walking is allowed as long as you are able to shoot and be shot at. If there is only a 1 way wall that allows you to shoot through but blocks n-comming bullets/rockets then it is not allowed.

Anti Exploits/CheatsCurrently blocking certain cvars that allow a player to see a cloak spy.

Currently blocking certain cvars that allow a player to exploit perfui and have a wall hack.

Sudden Death ModeDuring Sudden Death mode a class will be randomly selected and every player will spawn as that class. All weapons are stripped except melee weapons. Melee = Fist, Axe, Glass bottle, etc...

ScoutREMOVED - Double attack speed for Baseball bat and Scatter Gun.

Pyro
Explodes when killed causing up to 200.0 damage at a 350.0 distance radius to players. The furter away the less damage delt.Maxspeed 340.0 | Default 300.0 Pyro's Maxspeed increased from 300 to 340.Flame Boxsize 16.0 | Default 8.0 Size of the Flamethrower flames.
REMOVED - Flame Close Range Multiplier 1.5 | Default 1.2 Flamethrower damage multiplier when in close range.

Sniper
Charge Time Damage 150.0 | Sniper charge time is instant when zoomed in.

Medic
Heal Aura 30 | Medic puts off a Healing Aura that will heal 30 points of health per a second. Works through walls and emits a ring on the floor. Medics can heal themselves with 10 health per a second. For each player healed per a tick will add 0.01 to the Uber Charge meter. Uber Charge becomes active at 1.00. If you heal 5 of your teammates per a tick it will give you 0.05 a tick until their health is full.

CritsMultiplier 2.0 | Default 3.0 How much the damage of a critical hit gets multiplied by
Crit Chance 1.0 | Default 0.005 Percentage of having a Critical Hit! 1 = 100%
RespawnSpawn Timer 8.0 | Default 10.0 Time you have to wait before you can spawn again.

SpyCloak
Consume Rate 10.0 | Default 10 How fast the cloak energy is used.
Cloak Regen Rate 10.0 | Default 3.3 How fast the cloak energy is regenerated while uncloaked.
Cloak No Attack Time 0.0 | Default 2.0 Delay until a spy can attack after uncloaking.
Invis Time 1.0 | Default 1.0 How long it takes to cloak.Invis Unstealth Time 0.0 | Default 2.0 How long it takes to uncloak.

Sentry Gun
Ammocheat 1 | Default 0 Turrets have unlimited ammo. No need for engineer to restock.Damage 32 | Default 16 The damage a Sentry Gun does.
Newtarget Dist 999 | Default 200 Distance a Sentry Gun can lock on and attack.

Teleporter
Recharge Time 2.0 | Default 10 Teleporters now take 2 seconds to recharge.
Removed teleporter sickness.

Engineer
Upgrade Per Hit 200 | Default 25 How much metal to use when a engineer tries to upgrade a Sentry Gun.
Engineer Buildings now have the ability to Parent with moving entities. If you can build on an elevator or moving car then it will move with it.

Jiggly's uber medic race

Jig: heal teammates

Jig: ultimate to freeze person

//TF2 Teams, 3=Blue Team | 2 = Red Team

Skill Ideas:
increased Projectile damage
Blink (teleport very short distance)
Blink (Total Inis for very short time)

Ultimate Ideas:
  Portal


I was able to find much of the variables such as m_flMaxSpeed and m_nModelIndex while playing with some cheat on that showed a whole load of text and data that was constantly changing. I even found the name for the Cloak meter for not just spy but all classes as for some reason Valve has all of them set at a max of 100 this is how it showed on screen (or at least close to it)

m_flCloakMeter float (100.000000) <-- and this value would decrease at a rate of 10/second until it reached zero then trigering the regeneration of 3.3/second. I know that the rates are changeable by convars and I was wondering how to add cheats to an admins lap without requiring sv_cheats to be set to "1". I have used BeetlesMod and have no problem and if I could do this on there I probably would since I find it more beginner friendly than SourceMod but I am a fast learner when it comes to coding.


 Sweet TF2 entity tools.

CODE
Launch TF2
Start a multiplayer server
sv_cheats 1
developer 2
build a sentry gun
place the x-hair over the sentry gun and type ent_text
This will show a good bit of info about that entity. This works for any entity in game.


CODE
You can also use
dtwatchent
This command will show you all the variables of an entity that get updated.
Using the ent_text above get the entity index number.
For an example lets say the sentry gun entity index is 12
I would run the command like this
dtwatchent 12

It will fill the console with all the changes and names of variables. You can use source mod to modify those variables.

Fixed bugs:

*Fixed*1. Human Alliance levels do not save. At the start of each new map human alliance players lose all of their levels but their overall level saves, not only does this make it a pain in the ass to play as human but it also creates a leveling exploit.

*FIXED*2. The disappearance of the xp bonus for melee kills. For some reason the xp bonus for melee kills is gone, however all the other xp bonuses are still in the mod.

