 okies issues that i've found while playing:

Adrenal glands (zurg) vs U238 rounds (terran): the adrenal glands are doing less damage then the U238 rounds with melee is there a way to make it so the u238 rounds don't work on melee?

Reaver Scarbs: Still causing massive explosion lag on my system when i've encountered them with a rapid fire (read flamethrower) weapon.

Mole: sometime i've bought a mole and i've lost the crystals. Can you put a limit in on moles? say only 2 in a respawn at once? getting gang raped by 2 heavies a pyro and medic really sucked.

Hook: Speed is faster then scout run speed, thus allowing heavies to zoom around the map while shooing at incredible speeds. The hook is usable to move even when the person is supposed to be frozen (i'm not talking about another ability i'm talking about when we're all in respawn and both sides can't move). On some maps the hook can be used to get to a capture point during setup when nobody else can.

Pickpocket: is it working?

Store: can we have the limit of crystals upped to 150? sometimes is too easy to get to 100? maybe make it a racial?

Senority/Reincarnation/Ressurection(uaw/orc/al-quada): you allways respawn in the same direction as when you initial spawn in the respawn is there any way for you to make the facing random. This could help someone from becomming a farmed (hey dog and a man) xp node.

Feiry aura: BLOWS GOATS does 1 pt of damage on the timer the medic uses. Extra levels decrese time between "ticks" any way to make it do more damage.

Suicide bomb: either kills the person or does no dammage.

Mask of death/vampiric aura: on an engineer the sg doesn't get the healing effects was this intentional?

 Additional, the orb or evasion doesn't work on al-quada ultimates...

and from time to time i get u238 bullets when i haven't chosen em (usually at the same level as my stimpacks)


Once again thanks nariss for making a mod that I wanna play so mutch that my wife wants to divorce me... keep up the good work
 Since this post seems to be about issues...I'll post a couple of mine.

1.  As stated by clueless noob, it would be nice if after reincarnation you can face a random direction.  It almost seems that you're facing the opposite direction from where your opponent is and thus getting raped through the reincarnation over and over again.  Or is it even possible that the reincarnation spawns you in a random spot within a 10ft radius of your death rather than on the spot (or make it a higher level ability or something by doing so)?

2.  Need something that appeals to medics.

3.  Hook:  I have a lot of issues with this ability.  It is being abused heavily because of it's speed and the ability to just blast around the map on top of obstacles.  I would suggest nerfing the speed at which the user travels on it.  A heavy that can outrun a rocket or scout is far too powerful as proven by I Ate God many times on the server.  Next, would be the distance that the hook can be used, it goes too far (or make it that each level increases the length of it, but traversing the whole map in one go is just ridiculous).  

So several things that can be done to make it more reasonable (not all of these need to be done it's more of an either/or):
a.  Nerf the speed at which you travel on the hook
b.  Decrease the length of the hook
c.  Can't fire a weapon while in midair
d.  If you hook onto something, you need to cross over the whole length of the hook before being able to choose a new direction.  (Heavily abused by popping onto a point and then simply popping back out of safety too fast for even a sentry to take care of).

4.  Orb of frost - the percentage on that needs to decrease a tadbit.  Again, it's being abused with the heavy or pyro combined with this since they have so many shots that it's bound to freeze someone.

5.  Mole - limit this to a maximum of 2 moles at a time if you can.

I hope that helps with the mechanics of the mod.

Devotion Aura - this was acting funny tonite. i had it at lvl 4,  it was a 50 health boost. sometimes when a medic would boost me after it that it would go away, sometimes it would go back to the +50. if i was hurt a dispenser would charge my health back to the +50. when a medic would boost to the 150% it would go off from the +50, so i had a soldier with 375 at times other times it would only go to 300.

UAW negotiations randomly does this "you have been foced to accept a buyout of 500 crystals" and kills you. You don't get any crystals, and if oyu did, the limit is 100 so its pointless, and I have died randomly for no reason.

 Mind control seems to be crashing the server agian so please dont use it. It may be caused by taking over a dispencer but im not posotive.
i didnt have any problems with sentyguns using mind controll
but when i used it on dispencer it crashed the game  
tested it and seems to do it on dispencers
dont know how about teleporters dont want 2 crash the game 2 many times

 A few interesting bugs with UAW: When you recieve a buyout, you do not get the crystals however you do die from it. Seniority seems to work on its own even if I have 0 levels in it, however it does work better when I DO have some levels in it.

Acute strike works 100% of the time instead of the stated 15% in the description. Chain lightning does not always work on nearby targets, i.e right next to me.

It seems that there is a way to acquire more levels than one actually has skill points in simply by reseting skills, investing their skill points in any 2 skills of their race and then reseting their skills again and investing in the other 2 skills. For example, I have a level 8 terran, it has level 4 armor, level 4 u238 shells, and level 4 jetpack and I cant get rid of the extra levels no matter what I try. U238 shells do not work consistently with melee weapons.

Reaver scarabs sometimes stop working during maps.

Moles occasionly take me to where someone just reincarnated instead of  the enemy respawn.

The Scroll of Respawning causes people only to be able to move while jumping. Also they seem to take less/no damage from enemy weapons.



"Orc

Acute Strike – Working as Intended.

Acute Grenade – Still VERY powerful for Solder. Kills in 1 hit. Can this be fixed at a pure 40% power level? If not, then making Solders stronger is just not a good idea as any increase could break the game.

Reincarnation – Working as Intended

Chain Lightning – Can be Cast 5 times in a row. Only attacks 2 people even at level 4.


AL-Qaeda

Reincarnation – Working as Intended

Flaming Wrath – Only attacks 1 person. If that person moves out of range it won’t always switch to someone else.
                                                           
Suicide Bomber – Working as intended.

Mad Bomber – Works but at level 1 and 2 your more likely to just commit suicide so many times in a row you’d never use it."


"Undead

Vampiric Aura – Seems to work as intended.

Unholy Aura - Seems to work as intended.

Levitation - Seems to work as intended.

Suicide Bomber - Seems to work as intended. Might be working at full level at level 1.



Night Elf

Evasion – Working as intended

Thorns Aura – Working as Intended

Trueshot Aura – Working as Intented

Entangled Roots – Doesn’t always report that it Worked or Failed. Doesn’t show how many seconds are left for next use. Doesn’t report how many people it has rooted. Consumes itself even if it hits nothing.


Protoss

Reaver Scarabs – Working as Intended

Arbiter – Weapons are visible, Model still a bit see through.

Observer Sensors – Doesn’t seem to make other visible at all, at any range.

Dark Archon – Still seems to crash the server if you take over a dispenser. Needs 300 second recharge."


Protoss

Arbitor Field – Unless it provided 100% invis to the team around you I can’t see why its useful.
                Same rules should apply, only 100% invis if not moving and holding Melee weapon.

                Arbitor ability sometimes does not work on players 2-3 feet from me and I have level 4 arbitor.

Observer – Should remove the cloak of anyone using and invis.



Night Elf

Entangled Roots – No timer to check if used or if it failed or if it was resisted. Accidentally hitting the button will use the ability even if no one was hit. No report as too how many people it effected. This report was standard in the old Warcraft mod.


"Sicko

Festering Abomination – 40% - 250% - Didn’t do 250% damage ever.

Pickpocket – Never steals anything

Revulsion – If your target moves out of range, you wont start attacking another enemy near you. Seems to only attack 1 person at a time.

Fart – Level 1 – Nothing – Level 2 – Nothing – Level 3 – Nothing – Level 4 – Nothing

Terran

*Fixed!Depleted Shells says ACUTE STIRKE when I hit my target.

*Heavy Armor – Working

*Stimpack – Working – Resetting Skills doesn’t seem to reset this. Using Heavy Punches  slows you down as if your spinning your barrel. Scouts can use Stimpacks becoming Speedy  Gonzales.

*Jetpack – Working, Needs Timer to show a countdown if possible, or just report back how  many seconds are left for recharge if you press +ultimate again. Or just slowly refill  the ammo."

"Terran Ghost

Personal Cloaking Device – Seems to randomly give you level 1 cloak.

Lockdown – Very powerful if used by an engineer, no one can get to the sentry.

Ocular Implant – Doesn’t work on Spy Cloak

Nuclear Strike – Doesn’t lock on to anything but yourself. Has no range. Needs a bigger range if it has a 5 min reuse.


UAW

*Inflated Wages – Good

*Seniority – Good

*Negotiations – Seems very very random.

Work Rules – Hook – Love it, but its full level at level 1"

General Bugs

*Fixed!Races with Reincarnation can’t change classes until there reincarnation fails to work.

Human

Immunity  – Need Suicides fixed to test this, Claws of attack seemed broken, Mask of Death seemed Broken.

*Fixed!Devotion Aura – Doesn’t survive a respawn.

Bash – Seems ok, but doesn’t last 1 sec

*Fixed!Teleport – Seems fully functional at level 1


Zerg

*Fixed!Adrenal Glands – WAY TOO STRONG Every Class is instant kill at level 4. Max the HP at 50 if you can or 40, 10 per  level. This is also increasing Sentry Damage.

Self Regen is good Any chance we can make it 5 points at level 4?

*Fixed!Team Healing is good. Seems a bit high, was this intended? Team healing 20 or 30 points a tick is very cool though.

*Fixed!Tentacle is broken. It does nothing like Jiggly did to me, picking me up and dropping me in the water. I need to  pull people close to me.
 Right now its a gimmick, needs some change."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Human Alliance

*Removed!Invis – Useless at lower levels. Needs an Evade component to compensate. Switching to Melee makes you COMPLETE  VISABLE. Level 4 should be complete invisibility when not moving. Totally visible when moving.

*Fixed!Devotion Aura gives no health ever.

*Fixed!Bash is too often for rapid fire weapons. The rate of fire needs to be per clip not per bullet, perhaps 25%.

*Fixed -- more or less!Teleport – Possible to teleport into walls. Needs to be fixed.



Zerg

*Fixed!Adrenal Glands - Melee Attacks don’t seem effected by this skill at all.

*Regeneration is solid – 1 point each 3 second at level 1, 2 at 2, 3 at 3, 4 at 4.
 Would be nicer if it was every 2 seconds then it would act as pyro flame protection.
 Purhaps there is a setting that would put the fire out?

*Group Regen is a solid 1 at 1, 2 at 2, 3 at 3, 4 at 4. – This would be better if it was faster to act as pyro protection.  – Each person with this Group heal would become an anti Pyro. Perhaps there is a setting that would put the fire out?

*Fixed!Tentacles – Need to pull harder and get them closer or its no better then a Night Elf Root.
 Your target has freedom of mobility.

*Fixed!When playing as medic/zerg with healing aura level 3 even....didn't seem to work (aka wasn't healing people around me)


UAW

*Inflated Wages – Works very well, fast.

*Fixed!Seniority – As long as there is code to prevent the increased chance of killing a teammate when the chance to  respawn increases, I see nothing wrong with this.

*Fixed!Negations happen all the time without ever buying any levels of this skill.

*Fixed!Hook works great on level 1, why would I buy more?

*Fixed!When I buy levels in inflated wages I get the other 2 abilities as well. Also Please make it harder for the  negotiation random of "employer goes bankrupt" to happen. It hit me twice in a 90 minute span. 

*Fixed!UAW cannot get ultimate because of bankruptcy occurring very frequently. 


Sicko

*Fixed!Festering Abomination – Always seems to kill you by your own ability if the ability is what causes the enemy death blow.

Pickpocket doesn’t steal anything.

*Revulsion works – Spys will hate us.

Fart does nothing, but if it does do 300 dmamage to anyone near you it will be better then sucide bomber I think.

*Fixed!Sicko Scouts run slow, don’t know why

Sick fucker ultimate does nothing. 



Terran Confederacy

*Removed!Cloaking Device – Doesn’t make you Invis.

Heavy Armor seems a bit lite weight. Too random. Be nice if at level 4 it was a fixed value.

*Fixed!Stimpacks work, but require respawn for full effect. Respawn is not meantioned.

*Jetpack is awesome.

Once again I have too many stats. I'm a lvl 7 Terran with 8 skill points. For some reason it just gives me the invisibility skill~

Heavy Armour
*Fixed!Sometimes it absorbs more damage than was done [normally with smaller weapons] and gives me back health. Which is awesome so don't fix it.



Undead

*Vampiric Aura – Seems to work

*Fixed!Fixed:Unholy Aura – Don’t seem to speed me up

*Levation – Works

*Fixed!Suicide Bomber – Works but you stick your targets in the ground.

*Fixed!I built a sentry once, which almost killed someone but earned me some health.
 When I respawned I noticed an increased speed in all of my classes,
 and that as soon as I killed someone I would suicide. I was still level two.

*Fixed!After I changed races, I still retained the super speed.



Night Elf

*Evasion – Working for standard weapons,
 Back stabs still instant kill even when evaded.
 Headshots are still instant kills even when evaded.

*Thorns Working – Damage is scaled to proper Levels. Damage is scaled to damage done.
 High-powered weapons will result in shooter receiving high-level damage in return.

*True Shot – Damage is scale to proper Levels. Damage is scale to Weapon used. Snipers will be extra powerful body shots.


Protoss

*Reaver Scarabs – Work

*Dark archon Mind Controll – HAHAHAHAHAHA I love it."

*Fixed!one thing i hae noticed with the protos race
 if you upgrade the reaver scarabs skill it doesnt add the scarabs to  your attack, but if you get the arbiter field thing one it adds it on
 the same level, and gives you the arbiter ability

*Fixed!Reavers and Pyro kill framerates and are OP.

*Fixed!Revers.HW and Pyros using Revers kill fram rate [and you, instantly]
 It wouldn't be so bad if they didn't kill fram rate. 

*Fixed!People with arbitor ability should not be able to be cloaked by other arbitors. 


Orc

"Acute Strike - 240% is MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF POWER

Acute Nade - 240% is MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF POWER

Reincarnation- doesn't seem to work on a 25% for level 1 50% for level 2 kinda system. If the idea of 100% respawns is bad then maybe make each level 20% or 15%.

Chain lightening does 40 damage ever, regardless of level. Also needs a timer to show when you can use it again."

Chain lightning ultimate is not working.




"Al-Qaeda

*Reincarnation – Works fine but might want to check that it works often enough at lower levels.

*Fixed!Flaming Wraith – Seems to work well at 1 point per level, but I seemed to be able to
 trigger the suicide boomer of other classes by slowly hurting them.
 It also triggers the NACASIUS KILLED BLAZE message, but never actually kills him.

Suicide Bomber – Doesn’t kill anyone or anything.

Mad Bomber works fine but didn’t notice a level increase changing the power."


Misc

Another bug I found was on warpath. After moleing into the enemy respawn I purchased the peripate of health and was then healed by a medic who also moled into the enemy respawn. My health went from 300 down to 13 while he was healing me. When he released the healing beam my health went down to 0 and then went to 500 ( I did not die) and progressively wore back down to 300.

The scroll of respawning does not work at all. Rather it makes you not be able to use your weapons nor be able to move without jumping. Also you cannot take damage and can't kill yourself either.

Undead scourge's have suicide bombing ability from level 1 with any skill.

In a rare case a human alliance player had protoss skills on top of human alliance skills for one life even though they had never been protoss.

Even if you don't have the required level for suicide bomb, you still have it.

Also, suicide bomb tends to go off a lot when you kill someone, not when you die. Even if you are at full health, when you kill someone, suicide bomb can still trigger.

also the suicide bombs put you into the ground - literally 


Health problem:
In a rare case soldiers will have 43000+ hp and can only die from backstabs in which the spy will have then dealt 43000 damage in one round. 

The peripate of health causes heavies to sometimes show up as having 13 hp while in reality they have 513hp if a medic overcharges a heavy after the peripate of health is purchased. 



